This appeal by special leave is directed against the judgment and order dated 26.5.2006 passed by the learned Single Judge of the High Court whereby the learned Single Judge has allowed the writ petition and set aside the impugned order passed by the Revisional Court and remanded the matter back to the Revisional Court for deciding afresh on the basis of direction given by the Court. The brief facts which are necessary for the disposal of this appeal are that a Writ Petition was filed by the petitioner (Respondents herein) before the High Court praying to quash the order dated 21.2.2006 passed in Criminal Revision No.166 of 2004 by the Additional Sessions Judge whereby the revision was allowed and the impugned order passed by the Court below was set aside. One P1 and P2 were recorded bhumidhar of the plot in dispute No.1232, area 3 bigha and plot No.1233, area 4 bigha 17 biswas situated in a village. Thereafter, a forged power of attorney was got executed in favour of P3 allegedly executed by P1 and P2. On the ground of forged power of attorney, P1 lodged the F.I.R. The holder of the power of attorney P3 is the real brother-in-law of P4, Respondent No.9 and a sale deed was executed by him in favour of P5, P6, P4 and P7 all sons of P8. On 17th June, 1993, a registered sale deed had been executed by P1 himself in favour of the respondents P9 and P10, who came in possession over the property in dispute. Therefore, share of P1 was firstly transferred by the holder of the power of attorney and same was again transferred by the owner of the property of P1. Therefore, dispute arose between both the vendees of the sale deeds. An application was moved on 13th June, 2003 on behalf of the respondents in the Court of S.D.M. upon which the report was called from the concerned police station. Similarly, report was also summoned from the Tehsildar at the instance of the respondents and police submitted the challan. Tehsildar also submitted a report with regard to the mutation. P6 started constructing shops on the disputed land with the help of his companions because they themselves wanted to raise construction upon the land. Therefore, a breach of peace between both the parties arose. The S.D.M. concerned passed a preliminary order as well as the attachment order.  After appearance, an application on behalf of the appellants was moved which was rejected vide order dated 12th July, 2004 by S.D.M. Aggrieved by this, the legal representative of P5, P6, P11, P12 and P13 filed Criminal Revision before the Additional Sessions Judge. Learned Additional Sessions Judge by Order dated 21st February, 2006 quashed the order of the S.D.M. Similarly, the order of attachment and supurdaginama regarding disputed land was also quashed and directed that the possession be given to the revisionist upon the disputed land. Thereafter, P9 and others filed a writ petition before the High Court. The High Court after considering the writ petition came to the conclusion that the learned Additional Sessions Judge has gone wrong in quashing the proceedings as well as the order of attachment and supurdaginama. Aggrieved against this order the present appeal was filed before this Court.